Add note about duplicate entries in subscription queue (#4286)
Particular/docs.particular.net: persistence/msmq/subscription.md

 - samples/msmq/persistence
---

> Note: The subscription queue can contain duplicate entries and is by design. This does not result in events to be published multiple times. After a publisher restarts the subscription queue state will be rewritten and deduplicated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: The subscription queue can contain duplicate entries and is by design. This does not result in events to be published multiple times as publishers deduplicates at publishing time. Each time a publisher is restarted the subscription queue state will be rewritten and deduplicated.
```

Author: @mauroservienti it is incorrect, it doesn't dedupe during publishing, it dedupes during reading the subscriptions and when receiving a subscription request from a subscriber. Let me see if I can rewrite.
